once up gamers leave red dragon here and
we are checking out some more planetside
2 action still playing for the vanu
sovereignty and now i told you last time
I talked to you about this game that
whenever I start a game I like to pick
something get used to it and then from
there I'll kind of evolved into other
aspects of the game so I've been playing
a lot of light assault class and I
finally feel comfortable with it so now
I'm getting to where I'm trying out the
vehicles a little bit more getting to
see what all that's like and again this
is a little like tank that I've got here
and really enjoying it with other games
that to have vehicles and have different
classes you know I always tell you pick
the engineer class and again I'm playing
as the engineer class right here because
i have this tank and because i have this
repair tool so you saw that I was being
hit it took me a little bit to figure
out but i was i was being hit from
aircraft and this aircraft seemed like
it was there forever they were just kind
of hovering moving and really slow just
laying down all kinds of fire one of
course you don't want to stand on the
same side of the tank that's being shot
at so I'm using the tank is cover
letting it take all the hits and look
how low this tank is like it's barely
holding on for dear life but this repair
tool thank goodness it doesn't overheat
or anything because it's just staying
with it and it ends up working out
pretty well once I get it up here just
enough to where I feel pretty
comfortable with it I try to jump in and
get rid of that stupid thing and I see
it coming in low and I pop it once and
yeah it didn't destroy it i was so so
distraught over the head like i wanted
to kill that thing so bad because it's
there and wasted so much of my time but
either way it ran off i guess i guess
that's just as good it's better than
dying right alright so i know that you
guys have been wanting some beta codes
so stay
to the very end of this and you're going
to have your chance to get some beta
codes i just put up a video showed you
what all you needed to do in case you
don't get one of my beta codes i showed
you showed you how to get other beta
codes so go harass the planetside 2
Twitter they're putting out new codes
like constantly when people asked for
them they're really good about just
working up a ton of codes to give out so
I think your odds of getting in the beta
are pretty good if you have tried over
and over and you can't do it and you're
really desperate to get into this and
this is a game that you plan on playing
for a while you can actually pay to get
into the beta now this is totally
voluntary but planetside 2 of course
it's a free-to-play game you don't have
to purchase anything if you don't want
to i want to stress that point but they
do have an option that i didn't talk
about in the last video that I should
have but they have an option on the
homepage of planetside that's called
alpha squad you can pay 40 bucks and you
get like I think six months of different
things they help you out like they give
you ten percent more XP and a bunch of
resources and stuff and 12 unlocks on
weapons and things so just all sorts of
things that you can do so if you think
this is a game that you're going to get
into you can definitely purchase that
and you'll have instant access into the
beta as well so that's one more option
that you can use in order to get into
the beta so I just wanted to put that
out there but somebody asked me the
other day you know is this a game that
you have to play kind of like World of
Warcraft where you just have to
basically live on the game if you want
to be good at it and from what I have
seen no look you can already purchase
that alpha squad pack and i'm sure i'm
playing with people in the game who have
that pack who have been playing a ton
more than I have and I'm holding my own
and I don't I've put in a few hours into
this game but I haven't just lived on it
I've just kind of been getting on
whenever I have time and and I get off
whenever it's time to get off you know
it's not
like I have to live on here and I don't
feel like I'm at a disadvantage
whatsoever and so the devs have made it
very clear that if you do pay if you do
want some sort of membership it comes
with some really nice perks and they're
they're using the feedback from you know
people who have gotten it to still tweak
it they actually just made another post
the other day where they were like they
had unlocked i think resource caps or
something but they've removed all that
so they're still tweaking the membership
making sure that it's very balanced
whenever this game does come out they
don't want it to be a pay to win type
game and it's definitely not a pay to
win type game right now the way I'm
seeing it so really enjoying this game
also some people have asked if this is
going to be on steam yes they tweeted
out a few weeks ago that this game will
be coming to steam and some other people
have been asking look I want to I don't
really care about the beta I want to
play the full game whenever it releases
when does the game come out there is no
official release date yet but they have
said that it will come out before the
end of the year so before december 31st
everybody should be able to pick up and
play this and whenever the full servers
get rolling 2,000 people rolling around
in this massive war so get ready for
that alright so i guess i've done enough
talking now you guys are ready for your
beta codes right because that's why
you're here i'm sure a lot of you
alright so here's how it works so
throughout the course of this video you
may have noticed that there have been
random letters and numbers popping up on
screen if you go back to the video and
you write those letters and numbers down
that is your beta code be sure that you
keep the colors together so all the
purple letters and numbers that is one
beta code all the red ones if you get
all the red ones and put it in that's
one code so you've got to figure out
which one you want to go for write them
down and then go back and enter the beta
code and the first ones to do that is
going to win the beta codes so it's all
right
there you have all the information you
need now I did tell you that you you
needed to watch the whole video so
already probably a lot of people are
already going back through and watching
the video to write down the letters and
numbers that's that's great no but
they're going to enter their codes and
it's going to be wrong because the codes
are actually completely backwards so the
last number or letter that you see is
actually the first number or letter in
the beta code so that is the key that's
all the information that you need and so
there you go I don't want to make it too
easy for you guys I like to I like to
see people you know compete and try to
get ahold of this information so that's
the information that you need also if
you're not very good at going back
through or writing down codes here is
one more code with one ? in it so you
got to figure out what's the final
letter or number post below if you end
up winning one of the codes and write
down the codes so we all know that that
is used up so people aren't searching
for something they can't even get also
be sure you follow me on twitter and
facebook because i'll be posting out
more codes throughout the next few days
got a few more in the pocket so stay
tuned that does for me the red dragon
i'll see you next time thanks for
watching